Alright we want to review the
assignment to set up the delete of an
ingredient. So the first thing I got up
here, let's see here. Let's go to the
controller test and I want to test the
controller action and let's bring up the
IngredientController. So I'm doing a
split screen here. On the top, I have the
controller and down below I have the
tests. So looking at the tests we're
going to perform a get on the URL of
recipe number two and ingredient number
three is the URL and we are going to
pass that through. Actually we don't
need this. We don't need that there. So I
don't need to do the form post we just
need to do that get. And then we'll go
ahead and test that, and you'll see that
it's going against the controller and
that is passing as well. So we can
see that it comes into the controller
and we are mocking out the Ingredient
Service and because our delete option
doesn't return anything, it returns a
void. It's really not much for us to
test. We probably could add in verify
mock. Let's do that. So our IngredientService is mocked in this case. Let me
say times once and we want to make sure
that the deleteById was called and
we'll see anyLong and now
let's verify that. So we're going to
verify that mock actually run so let's
go ahead and run this again and make
sure that our mock does get invoked. Which it does. So next thing is let's
take a look at the service. So this
one's a little more involved so let's
take a look at the implementation here
on the IngredientService. So I'll hide this
so it can get better visibility here. So we
have deleteById and we're going to go
out to the repository get back an
Optional and then if that Optional is
present, we're going
fall in and look for the ingredient
assigned to that. We'll use Java eight
streaming to slurp that out of there
and slurp is a technical term. And then
if that Optional is present, we're going
to go in and delete it. So we'll delete
it from the recipe and also set the
recipe to null on it. So we'll null out that
relationship and this will cause
Hibernate to delete it from the database
which is what we want. So here, we're
going to set up our mock object in the
given and then we'll set up the Mock
implication there on line 122 in the
bottom window to delete that. So we want
to do a findById and return back that
Optional which will fulfill this line up
here. And then we'll go through and do
the deleteById so we'll call the
service, and now we'll invoke the mocks
and then we're going to make sure that
we call the RecipeRepository one time
findById and then we want to also make
sure, this is important that our logic is
right, to fall through to this guy and
save the class. So that's going to verify
line 138 here. So those two lines will
work in conjunction. So now we have a
pretty good test coverage here and I'm
not implementing any logic here, throwing
error for a delete. So we'll get into
exception handling in the future in the
course but right now, we're just going to
log out. So I like to put in a log
message and then say the ID value. A lot
of people leave off that
little piece and if you're
troubleshooting an app later, you see
okay it wasn't found. But what came
in? What was the data value that wasn't
found? So that's important
piece. So let's go ahead and run all the
tests now. Double check that this runs.
I want to verify that then we'll run all the tests. So you can see that runs quickly. Now
we'll run up all our tests.
And you can see through this exercise,
our collection of tests has been growing.
I think when we got into the ingredient
stuff, we had 50 tests and now we're at
61. So going through the last few videos
we added in another 11 tests for our
coverage. Now let's come up to the
application. We will run that and take a
look at it in the browser. Spring Boot is almost up. There we go. Come
on over here and let's go back to the
list. So let's pick on guacamole. Let's
view that. Now we can come in here and we
already had the delete link there,
so we can go ahead and click delete. We
can see that it is going through
deleting those and let's double check and
take a look at the template as well just
to show you that guy's that. I did have it
on previous. So we're ingredient and we
want the list view and let me close out
this bottom window and hide that.
So we can see down here on the delete
action, we are using Thymeleaf and the @
sand, at is used for URL. So Thymeleaf will generate the URL for
us and we are telling it a URL path of
recipe, the recipe ID slash ingredient,
the ingredient ID and then that gives us
the delete action. So we're kind of
mimicking out a RESTful verb there. And
so when we click on that,
this line here is what
provides us the URL to delete a recipe's
ingredient.